c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC.dll
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC.pdb
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC.g.resources
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC.dll
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC.pdb
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\Bin\Debug\NdefLibrary.dll
c:\users\mmonte\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PescariaIndTNFC\PescariaIndTNFC\obj\Debug\PescariaIndTNFC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
